= Jabber plugin

This plugin will enables jabber notificaions. There are already some advanced 
plugins but they depend on xmpp4r which seems imo unstable and outdated.
This plugin uses blather instead.

Everything important is on github http://github.com/ares/redmine_jabber/

Code is released under MIT License

= Prerequisites

As mentioned before, this plugin uses blather library. You must install it in order
to use this plugin. You also need to met dependencies for blather so you need libxslt
development files (debian like systems => apttude install libxslt1-dev)

this should do the trick
 gem install blather eventmachine

= Install

1. Put this plugin into Rails.root/vendor/plugins/redmine_jabber
2. Run rake db:migrate_plugins
   - this will add jid attribute to your user
3. Restart redmine if it's already running
4. Configure the plugin (administration -> plugins -> configure)
   - you must set JID of account that will send notifications and your password
   - password is stored in plaintext (keep that in mind)
5. Every user should see "Jabber" link in right upper corner (next to Sign out)
   - if anyone sets his own JID in here, notifications will be sent to him
   - if you want to disable jabber notification, just save empty JID

That's it, now you should be good to go

= Changelog

0.1 (2010-06-22)
 * Plugin sends notification to users who setup their JIDs

= Future work

This is the very early release. I plan to add support for real jabber bot which
will enable controlling of tickets. Any help is welcome, stay tuned.

If you like this plugin, please consider donation.

= Credits

Thanks to IglooNET s.r.o. (my current employer) I was allowed to work on this plugin and release it under MIT licence.
Thanks to Jeff Smick for fast and willing consulting of blather library usage
